add note about 'require active_storage/engine' (#36631)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_storage_overview.md

## Setup

Active Storage uses two tables in your application’s database named
`active_storage_blobs` and `active_storage_attachments`. If you are upgrading from an earlier version of Rails, 

> make sure you have `require "active_storage/engine` in `config/application.rb`.  After creating a new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make sure you have `require 'active_storage/engine'` in `config/application.rb`.  After creating a new
```

> make sure you have `require "active_storage/engine` in `config/application.rb`.  After creating a new

Reviewer 2: `require "active_storage/engine` does not need when required `rails/all`. 
As `README`, I think that it is good to suggest when `active_storage:install` task is not found. 
https://github.com/rails/rails/blob/master/activestorage/README.md#installation

Reviewer 3: 👍 Can you change the PR to add a NOTE like in the README?
